2. Create a new Project in Intelij Idea and output "subscribe" on the console.

3. Show the following patterns:
    1. Right Half Pyramid
    2. Reverse Right Half Pyramid
    3. Left Half Pyramid

4. Show the following patterns using single print statement:
    1. Right Half Pyramid
    2. Reverse Right Half Pyramid
    3. Left Half Pyramid

5. Create a program to input name of the person and respond with "Welcome NAME to KG Coding"

6. Create a program to add two numbers.

7. Create a program to swap two numbers.

8. Create a program that takes two numbers and shows result of all arithmetic operators (+,-,*,/,%).

9. Create a program to calculate product of two floating points numbers.

10. Create a program to calculate Perimeter of a rectangle. Perimeter of rectangle ABCD = A+B+C+D

11. Create a program to calculate the Area of a Triangle. Area of triangle = 2*B*H

12. Create a program to calculate simple interest. Simple Interest = (P x T x R)/100

13. Create a program to calculate Compound interest. Compound Interest = P(1 + R/100)t

14. Create a program to convert Fahrenheit to Celsius. °C = (°F-32) x 5/9

15. Create a program that determines if a number is positive, negative, or zero.

16. Create a program that determines if a number is odd or even.

17. Create a program that determines the greatest of the three numbers.

18. Create a program that determines if a given year is a leap year (considering conditions like divisible by 4 but not 100, unless also divisible by 400).

19. Create a program that calculates grades based on marks
    A -> above 90%
    C -> above 60%
    F -> below 30%
    B -> above 75%
    D -> above 30%

20. Create a program that categorize a person into different age groups
    Child -> below 13
    Adult -> below 50
    Teen -> below 20
    Senior-> above 60

21. Create a program that shows bitwise AND of two numbers.

22. Create a program that shows bitwise OR of two numbers.

23. Create a program that shows bitwise XOR of two numbers.

24. Create a program that shows bitwise compliment of a number.

25. Create a program that shows use of left shift operator.

26. Create a program that shows use of right shift operator.

27. Write a program to check if a given number is even or odd using bitwise operators.

28. Develop a program that prints the multiplication table for a given number.

29. Create a program to sum all odd numbers from 1 to a specified number N.

30. Write a function that calculates the factorial of a given number.

31. Create a program that computes the sum of the digits of an integer.

32. Create a program to find the Least Common Multiple (LCM) of two numbers.32.Create a program to find the Least Common Multiple (LCM) of two numbers.

33. Create a program to find the Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) of two integers.

34. Create a program to check whether a given number is prime.

51. Create a Book class for a library system.
    • Instance variables: title, author, isbn.
    • Static variable: totalBooks, a counter for the total number of book instances.
    • Instance methods: borrowBook(), returnBook().
    • Static method: getTotalBooks(), to get the total number of books in the library.

52. Design a Course class.
    • Instance variables: courseName, enrolledStudents.
    • Static variable: maxCapacity, the maximum number of students for any course.
    • Instance methods: enrollStudent(String studentName), unenrollStudent(String studentName).
    • Static method: setMaxCapacity(int capacity), to set the maximum capacity for courses.

53. Create a program to find the minimum of two numbers.

54. Create a program to find if the given number is even or odd

55. Create a program to calculate the absolute value of a given integer.

56. Create a program to Based on a student's score, categorize as "High", "Moderate", or "Low" using the ternary operator (e.g., High for scores > 80, Moderate for 50-80, Low for < 50).

57. Create a program to print the month of the year based on a number (1-12) input by the user.

58. Create a program to create a simple calculator that uses a switch statement to perform basic arithmetic operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.

59. Create a program using do-while to find password checker until a valid password is entered.

60. Create a program using do-while to implement a number guessing game.

61. Create a program using for loop multiplication table for a number.

62. Create a program using for to display if a number is prime or not.

63. Create a program using for-each to find the maximum value in an integer array.

64. Create a program using for-each to the occurrences of a specific element in an array.

65. Create a program using break to read inputs from the user in a loop and break the loop if a specific keyword (like "exit") is entered.

66. Create a program using continue to sum all positive numbers entered by the user; skip any negative numbers.

67. Create a program using continue to print only even numbers using continue for odd numbers.

68. Create a program using recursion to display the Fibonacci series upto a certain number.

69. Create a program using recursion to check if a string is a palindrome using recursion.

70. Define a Student class with fields like name and age, and use toString to print student details.

71. Concatenate and Convert: Take two strings, concatenate them, and convert the result to uppercase.

72. Simulate a dice roll using Math.random() and display the outcome (1 to 6).

73. Calculate the area and circumference of a circle for a given radius using Math.PI

74. Create a number guessing game where the program selects a random number, and the user has to guess it.

75. Take an array of words and concatenate them into a single string using StringBuilder.

76. Create an object with final fields and a constructor to initialize them.

